fix: Improve payment and shipping components (#14495)
SAP/spartacus: docs/migration/5_0-checkout.md

## Checkout

Checkout refactoring + code splitting was done as part of the initiative of removing `NGRX` dependencies from Spartacus by replacing it with [command and queries](https://sap.github.io/spartacus-docs/commands-and-queries/#page-title).

> As we want to reduce the bundle size in Spartacus, the checkout refactoring also consisted of decoupling the checkout logic into three different libraries: base, b2b, scheduled-replenishment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we want to reduce the bundle size in Spartacus, the checkout refactoring also consisted of decoupling the checkout logic into three different entry points: 
```

Author: done

- @spartacus/checkout/base - offers a basic checkout functionality, such as b2c.
- @spartacus/checkout/b2b - offers a b2b checkout flow.
- @spartacus/checkout/scheduled-replenishment - offers a scheduled replenishment checkout flow.

Note: Although the checkout libraries might still have some reference to some ngrx actions within the library, it is not possible to fully separate ngrx from checkout until the other libraries from Spartacus get refactored, such as Cart or User libraries.

Benefits of converting to `command and queries`:

>   - easier to extend as everything is in classes, and it is easy to `extends` and override a method, as opposed to ngrx where you can not really extend a reducer or an effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - easier to extend as everything is in classes and it simple as overriding a method, as opposed to ngrx where you can not really extend a reducer or an effect.
```

Author: done

>   - instead of using three actions in ngrx, you can subscribe to the command and get the result in the same method call

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -  commands are build in a more reactive way, and return the execution result in the same method call.
```

Author: done

>   - similarly to command, you can subscribe to a query, and get the current state in the same call (loading, error, or the data itself).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - similarly to the commands, listening to loading, error and data state changes is as simple as calling one method and getting all the results in one call.
```

Author: done

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more about commands and queries, please see [this](https://sap.github.io/spartacus-docs/commands-and-queries/#page-title)
```

Author: done

## Checkout

Checkout refactoring + code splitting was done as part of the initiative of removing `NGRX` dependencies from Spartacus by replacing it with [commands and queries](https://sap.github.io/spartacus-docs/commands-and-queries/#page-title).

> As we want to reduce the bundle size in Spartacus, the checkout refactoring also consisted of decoupling the checkout logic into three different entry points: base, b2b, scheduled-replenishment. 

Reviewer: Lets just put colon here, as the unordered list on line 7 lists what are the entry points.

```suggestion
As we want to reduce the bundle size in Spartacus, the checkout refactoring also consisted of decoupling the checkout logic into three different entry points:
```

Author: done 100%
